README.md, before:

# DEPRECATION NOTICE
This packages has been deprecated in favour of the official https://github.com/woocommerce/wc-api-node. Please update your dependencies.

# node-woocommerce
Connects NodeJS to the glorious world of the WooCommerce API

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Receiptful/node-woocommerce.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Receiptful/node-woocommerce)

## Important v2.0 Changes

To keep this plugin as up to date as possible v2 requires node v4+. To take advantage of the new features of node the module now utilises ES6 code.

To allow for some automation surrounding the authentication it is now required to pass the url's protocol (http/https). This allows the module to automatically choose from basic auth or OAuth when sending requests. This can be forced by using the `ssl` option.

Use of promises are now available, legacy support for callbacks is still included. To use `node-woocommerce` with promises you can do the following:
```javascript
wooCommerce.get('/products')
  .then(result => {
    // result.json will contain the body content from the request
    // result.response.headers will contain header info, including X-WC-Total and X-WC-TotalPages
  })
  .catch(err => {
    // Log the error message
    console.log(err.message);

    // Log the body returned from the server
    console.log(err.body);

    // Log the full response object and status code
    console.log(err.response, err.response.statusCode);
  });
```

## Installation

To install the module using NPM:

```
npm install woocommerce --save
```

## Setup

You will need a consumer key and consumer secret to call your store's WooCommerce API. You can find instructions [here](http://docs.woothemes.com/document/woocommerce-rest-api/)

Include the 'woocommerce' module within your script and instantiate it with a config:

```javascript
var WooCommerce = require('woocommerce');

var wooCommerce = new WooCommerce({
  url: 'http://mystore.com',
  ssl: true,
  consumerKey: 'ck_123456789abcd',
  secret: 'cs_abcdefg12345'
});
```

**Instantiating a WooCommerce instace without a url, consumerKey or secret will result in an error being thrown**

## Options

When instantiating the WooCommerce object you have a choice of the following configuration options:

| option      | type    | required | description                                                                                                                         |
|-------------|---------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| url         | string  | yes      | The url of your store including the protocol: http://mystore.com, https://securestore.com                                                                       |
| consumerKey | string  | yes      | The consumer key generated in the store admin                                                                                       |
| secret      | string  | yes      | The consumer secret generated in the store admin                                                                                    |
| ssl         | boolean | no       | (default: based on protocol, https = true, http = false) this is automatically set by default, but can be forced by setting the ssl option                                                               |
| logLevel    | number  | no       | (default: 0) 0 shows errors only, 1 shows info and errors for debugging                                                             |
| apiPath     | string  | no       | (default: '/wc-api/v2') The path to your API, it should contain a leading slash and no trailing slash                               |

## Calling the API

Your WooCommerce API can be called once the WooCommerce object has been instantiated (see above).

### GET

Assuming you have already [instantiated](#setup).

```javascript
wooCommerce.get('/products', function(err, data, res){
  // err will return any errors that occur
  // data will contain the body content from the request
  // res is the full response object, use this to get headers etc
});
```

### POST

Assuming you have already [instantiated](#setup) and for this example you have a [coupon object](http://woothemes.github.io/woocommerce-rest-api-docs/#create-a-coupon).

```javascript
wooCommerce.post('/coupons', couponObject, function(err, data, res){
  // err will return any errors that occur
  // data will contain the body content from the request
  // res is the full response object, use this to get headers etc
});
```

### PUT

Assuming you have already [instantiated](#setup).

```javascript
var couponUpdate = {
  amount: 5
};

wooCommerce.put('/coupons/1234', couponUpdate, function(err, data, res){
  // err will return any errors that occur
  // data will contain the body content from the request
  // res is the full response object, use this to get headers etc
});
```

### DELETE

Assuming you have already [instantiated](#setup).

```javascript
wooCommerce.delete('/coupons/1234', function(err, data, res){
  // err will return any errors that occur
  // data will contain the body content from the request
  // res is the full response object, use this to get headers etc
});
```

## Testing

```
npm test
```

## Contributing

This module was originally written to be used with [Receiptful](https://receiptful.com) and is used in a production environment currently. This will ensure that this module is well maintained, bug free and as up to date as possible.

Receiptful's developers will continue to make updates as often as required to have a consistently bug free platform, but we are happy to review any feature requests or issues and are accepting constructive pull requests.

Commit message:

Update README to show changes and link to original

README.md, after:

# node-woocommerce
Connects NodeJS to the glorious world of the WooCommerce API

This is a fork of [the woocommerce package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/woocommerce) to send full responses in the Promise form og .get. This enables us to access the important `X-WC-Total` and `X-WC-TotalPages` variables through `response.headers["X-WC-Total"]` and `response.headers["X-WC-TotalPages"]`.

## Important v2.0 Changes

To keep this plugin as up to date as possible v2 requires node v4+. To take advantage of the new features of node the module now utilises ES6 code.

To allow for some automation surrounding the authentication it is now required to pass the url's protocol (http/https). This allows the module to automatically choose from basic auth or OAuth when sending requests. This can be forced by using the `ssl` option.

Use of promises are now available, legacy support for callbacks is still included. To use `node-woocommerce` with promises you can do the following:
```javascript
wooCommerce.get('/products')
  .then(result => {
    // result.json will contain the body content from the request
    // result.response.headers will contain header info, including X-WC-Total and X-WC-TotalPages
  })
  .catch(err => {
    // Log the error message
    console.log(err.message);

    // Log the body returned from the server
    console.log(err.body);

    // Log the full response object and status code
    console.log(err.response, err.response.statusCode);
  });
```

## Installation

To install the module using NPM:

```
npm install woocommerce --save
```

## Setup

You will need a consumer key and consumer secret to call your store's WooCommerce API. You can find instructions [here](http://docs.woothemes.com/document/woocommerce-rest-api/)

Include the 'woocommerce' module within your script and instantiate it with a config:

```javascript
var WooCommerce = require('woocommerce');

var wooCommerce = new WooCommerce({
  url: 'http://mystore.com',
  ssl: true,
  consumerKey: 'ck_123456789abcd',
  secret: 'cs_abcdefg12345'
});
```

**Instantiating a WooCommerce instace without a url, consumerKey or secret will result in an error being thrown**

## Options

When instantiating the WooCommerce object you have a choice of the following configuration options:

| option      | type    | required | description                                                                                                                         |
|-------------|---------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| url         | string  | yes      | The url of your store including the protocol: http://mystore.com, https://securestore.com                                                                       |
| consumerKey | string  | yes      | The consumer key generated in the store admin                                                                                       |
| secret      | string  | yes      | The consumer secret generated in the store admin                                                                                    |
| ssl         | boolean | no       | (default: based on protocol, https = true, http = false) this is automatically set by default, but can be forced by setting the ssl option                                                               |
| logLevel    | number  | no       | (default: 0) 0 shows errors only, 1 shows info and errors for debugging                                                             |
| apiPath     | string  | no       | (default: '/wc-api/v2') The path to your API, it should contain a leading slash and no trailing slash                               |

## Calling the API

Your WooCommerce API can be called once the WooCommerce object has been instantiated (see above).

### GET

Assuming you have already [instantiated](#setup).

```javascript
wooCommerce.get('/products', function(err, data, res){
  // err will return any errors that occur
  // data will contain the body content from the request
  // res is the full response object, use this to get headers etc
});
```

### POST

Assuming you have already [instantiated](#setup) and for this example you have a [coupon object](http://woothemes.github.io/woocommerce-rest-api-docs/#create-a-coupon).

```javascript
wooCommerce.post('/coupons', couponObject, function(err, data, res){
  // err will return any errors that occur
  // data will contain the body content from the request
  // res is the full response object, use this to get headers etc
});
```

### PUT

Assuming you have already [instantiated](#setup).

```javascript
var couponUpdate = {
  amount: 5
};

wooCommerce.put('/coupons/1234', couponUpdate, function(err, data, res){
  // err will return any errors that occur
  // data will contain the body content from the request
  // res is the full response object, use this to get headers etc
});
```

### DELETE

Assuming you have already [instantiated](#setup).

```javascript
wooCommerce.delete('/coupons/1234', function(err, data, res){
  // err will return any errors that occur
  // data will contain the body content from the request
  // res is the full response object, use this to get headers etc
});
```

## Testing

```
npm test
```

## Contributing

This module was originally written to be used with [Receiptful](https://receiptful.com) and is used in a production environment currently. This will ensure that this module is well maintained, bug free and as up to date as possible.

Receiptful's developers will continue to make updates as often as required to have a consistently bug free platform, but we are happy to review any feature requests or issues and are accepting constructive pull requests.
